 HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML*HTML

➢ Are the HTML tags and elements the same thing?
Ans - HTML tags are used to hold the HTML element. HTML element holds the content. HTML attributes are used to describe the characteristic of an 
      HTML element in detail. Whatever written within a HTML tag are HTML elements.

➢ What are tags and attributes in HTML?
Ans - HTML tags are used to hold the HTML element. HTML element holds the content. HTML attributes are used to describe the characteristic of an 
      HTML element in detail.

➢ What are void elements in HTML?
Ans - A void element is an element whose content model never allows it to have contents under any circumstances.

➢ What are HTML Entities? 
Ans - HTML entities are the reserved characters that are used in the HTML document.

➢ What are different types of lists in HTML?
Ans - There are three types of lists in HTML:
    • Unordered list or Bulleted list (ul)
    • Ordered list or Numbered list (ol)
    • Description list or Definition list (dl)

➢ What is the ‘class’ attribute in HTML?
Ans - Any variable that is bound in a class is a class attribute . Any function defined within a class is a method. Methods receive an instance of
      the class, conventionally called self , as the first argument.

➢ What is the difference between the ‘id’ attribute and the ‘class’ attribute of HTML element ?
Ans - While an ID is specific to a single element, classes can be assigned to multiple elements on a page or throughout the website. They are not
      unique. And while a single element can only have one ID, it can have multiple classes.

➢ How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing?
Ans - Cellpadding basically defines the space present between a table cell's border and the content present in it. Cellspacing basically defines 
      the space present between individual adjacent cells.

➢ How can we club two or more rows or columns into a single row or column in an HTML table?
Ans - It can be done by using the rowspan and colspan attribute in HTML. The rowspan is used to merge or combine the number of cells in a row whereas 
      the colspan is used to merge column cells in a table.

➢ What is the difference between a block-level element and an inline element?
Ans - Block elements always start from a new line. Inline elements never start from a new line. Block elements cover space from left to right as
      far as it can go. Inline elements only cover the space as bounded by the tags in the HTML element.

➢ How to create a Hyperlink in HTML?
Ans- The <a> tag defines a hyperlink, which is used to link from one page to another. The most important attribute of the <a> element is the
     href attribute,which indicates the link's destination. By default, links will appear as follows in all browsers: An unvisited link is 
     underlined and blue.

➢ What is the use of an iframe tag?
Ans - An inline frame (iframe) is a HTML element that loads another HTML page within the document. It essentially puts another webpage 
      within the parent page. They are commonly used for advertisements,embedded videos, web analytics and interactive content.

➢ What is the use of a span tag? Explain with example?
Ans - The <span> tag is an inline container used to mark up a part of a text, or a part of a document. The <span> tag is easily styled by 
      CSS or manipulated with JavaScript using the class or id attribute. The <span> tag is much like the <div> element, but <div> is a block-level 
      element and <span> is an inline element.

➢ How to insert a picture into a background image of a web page?
Ans - Background images in HTML can be added using the background-image property in CSS, internal style sheet, or the background attribute in HTML.
      By default, images are added to the background from the left and are repeated to fill the screen unless specified not to.

➢ How are active links different from normal links?
Ans - Normal links are links which are there on the page and have not been clicked yet. Active links are those links, which have just been clicked at 
      that instant.
➢ What are the different tags to separate sections of text?
Ans - We separate a section of texts in HTML using the below tags: <br> tag –
      It is used to separate the line of text. It breaks the current line and shifts the flow of the text to a new line. <p> tag–This tag is used to 
      write a paragraph of text.

➢ What is SVG?
Ans - The SVG file format is a popular tool for displaying two-dimensional graphics, charts, and illustrations on websites. Plus, as a vector file, it
      can be scaled up or down without losing any of its resolution. Learn more about the key features of SVG images, their pros and cons, and how 
      the SVG format has evolved.

➢ What is difference between HTML and XHTML?
Ans - XHTML is basically an extension of HTML, which is stricter than HTML. Both languages are used to create web and Android applications. 
      HTML is SGML based, whereas XHTML is an XML-based language. HTML is easy to learn for beginners, and then they can move on to XHTML

➢ What are logical and physical tags in HTML?
Ans - Physical and Logical tags are used in HTML for better visibility and understanding of the text by the user on the web page. However, both tags 
      differ from each other as suggested by their names. Logical Tags : Logical Tags are used in HTML to display the text according to the logical styles.